all right today I'm going to show you
how to make hard-boiled eggs really
quick with and they feel real easy
most people get them and they can't get
them to feel easy or you know the angle
it's deformed after they peel it but
this is how you do it bring what you
want to fill your pan up a little bit
over the egg just get an egg and then
put it in there and kind of measure it
out
okay once you got a little bit over the
egg then we're going to step two
okay step 2 what you're going to need is
some vinegar can be apple vinegar
whichever vinegar you want also some
salt what you're going to do is you're
going to put one tablespoon of salt in
the water and two tablespoons of vinegar
that does that goes and that loosens up
the shell from the egg and it makes it
real easy to peel so what we're going to
do is we're going to let that sit and
boil up to boiling and then we'll be on
to step three also place a lid on it so
put it nice lid on it so heats it up a
lot quicker all right now once you got
your water to a boil you're going to go
ahead and turn it down a little bit ah
just turn it down so it gives a nice
little simmer just kind of like that and
you're going to get yourself kind of a
spoon or something that you can set the
egg in you're going to put the egg in
there and gently lay it in if you drop
them too hard the egg will crack
okay now once you have all your eggs in
here
and turn it up to the boil
how your stovetop works but I used to
put mine about five and a half and we're
going to leave it to the tail boil it's
at time of 15 minutes okay so we went
ahead and finished the 15 minutes of
boiling the eggs now you're going to
want to run cool water for the remaining
period just cool it off let it overflow
out of it kind of like scorned out and
then come back after they cool off and
peel them
okay so went ahead and cool the eggs
down and now pretty much you can do it
two ways you can either kill an egg kind
of smack it I see usually smack it down
the middle and split it around and then
kind of work my thumb not pick at it but
with my thumb sideways or you can peel
the egg in the water so give it a shot
just kind of tap it around the pan a
couple of times yourself a nice little
get the membrane off
and there you have perfect hard-boiled
egg don't believe me I've looked for
yourself